Review readepi (#19)
epiverse-trace/readepi: README.Rmd

  driver_name = ""
)

# READING ALL FILEDS AND RECORDS FROM A MySQL SERVER
data <- readepi(
  credentials_file = credentials_file,
  project_id = "Rfam", # this is the database name
  driver_name = "",
  source = "author"
)

# READING DATA FROM DHIS2
data <- readepi(
  credentials_file = credentials_file,
  project_id = "DHIS2_DEMO",
  dataset = "pBOMPrpg1QX",
  organisation_unit = "DiszpKrYNg8",
  data_element_group = NULL,
  start_date = "2014",
  end_date = "2023"
)

# READING DATA FROM THE FINGERTIPS REPOSITORY
data <- readepi(
  indicator_id = 90362,
  area_type_id = 202,
  parent_area_type_id = 6 # optional
)
```

## Package Vignettes

The vignette of the **readepi** contains detailed illustrations about the use of each function. This can be accessed by typing the command below:

```{r eval=FALSE}
# OPEN THE VIGNETTE WITHIN RSTUDIO
vignette("readepi")

# OPEN THE VIGNETTE IN YOUR WEB BROWSER.
browseVignettes("readepi")
```

## Help

To report a bug please open an [issue](https://github.com/{{ gh_repo }}/issues/new/choose).

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome via [pull requests](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/readepi/pulls).

## Code of Conduct

> Please note that the readepi project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the readepi project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
```
